Come with me hahaha
Xiaosan, you have the guts
I haven't seen anyone as crazy as you in a long time
Brothers kill me for him
Let me know again that you bully Mu Yan
kid
How dare you hit me?
I am the underground leader appointed by God
How dare you touch me?
God will never let you go
It moves you.
God in your mouth
You have to kneel and talk in front of me
Kid
Wait for me to tell God
Fly again
I'll hurt your other hand too
Thank you for saving me.
Say thank you to me and see you
Don't you recognize me?
Xiao Wuji
You are Wuji Pavilion
Exactly.
I'm going to keep our childhood promise
Come back to marry you
When did I say I wanted to marry you?
Have you forgotten?
That year you swore to the moon
Do you say that I will not marry in this life? Even if I said
That was a childhood play.
How can you be serious?
Mo Yan, what do you mean by that?
What do I mean?
Look at you now.
All poor and sour
I am the third lady of the Zhao family
A-list international superstar
How could I fall in love with a poor loser like you?